[FEATURE] Bugfix: #93635 - Add mail configuration for setting smtp do… (#1677)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/GlobalValues/Typo3ConfVars/MAIL.rst

   :Path: $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['MAIL']
   :type: dropdown

> * [ ] [Important: #92020 - New API entry point available at https://get.typo3.org/api/](https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/master/en-us/Changelog/11.5.x/Important-92020-NewAPIEntryPointAvailableAtHttpsgettypo3orgapi.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Important: #92020 - New API entry point available at https://get.typo3.org/api/](https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/master/en-us/Changelog/11.5.x/Important-92020-NewAPIEntryPointAvailableAtHttpsgettypo3orgapi.html)
```
Are those square braces supposed to be there?

   *only with transport=smtp* server port of mail server to connect to. port
   defaults to "25".

.. index::
   TYPO3_CONF_VARS MAIL; transport_smtp_domain
.. _typo3ConfVars_mail_transport_smtp_domain:

$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['MAIL']['transport_smtp_domain']
============================================================

.. confval:: transport_smtp_domain

   :Path: $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['MAIL']
   :type: text
   :Default: ''

>    Some smtp-relay-server require to set the domain under which the sender is
>    sending an email. As default the EsmtpTransport from Symfony will use the
>    current domain/IP of the host or container. This will be sufficient for
>    the most servers but some servers require a valid domain is passed. If
>    this isn't done, sending emails via such servers will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Some smtp-relay-servers require the domain to be set from which the sender is
   sending an email. By default, the EsmtpTransport from Symfony will use the
   current domain/IP of the host or container. This will be sufficient for
   most servers, but some servers require that a valid domain is passed. If
   this isn't done, sending emails via such servers will fail.
```

   Setting a valid SMTP domain can be achieved by setting
   :confval:`transport_smtp_domain` in the :file:`LocalConfiguration.php`.

>    This will set the given domain to the EsmtpTransport agent an send the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will set the given domain to the EsmtpTransport agent and send the
```
